Clarify time taken to build/install (#176)
rilldata/rill-developer: README.md

```
cd /path/to/rill-developer
```
Run npm to install dependencies and build the application.

> Part of this step involves compiling DuckDB which can be time consuming to complete (it may take ~5 minutesor more, depending on your machine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part of this step involves compiling DuckDB which can be time consuming to complete (it may take ~5 minutes or more, depending on your machine).
```
